"How do you know about the Dzogchen tradition, and how do you know about the Dzogchen tradition,
and how do you know about the Dzogchen tradition, and how do you know about the Dzogchen tradition,
and how do you know about the Dzogchen tradition,
and how do you know about the Dzorchen tradition,
and how do you know about Dzogchen tradition,
and how do you know about the Dzogchen tradition,
and how do you know about Dzolchen tradition,
and how do you know about it,
and how do you know about the Dzogchen tradition,
and how do you know about Dzogchen tradition,
and how do you know about it,
and how do you know about the Dzogchen tradition,
and keep that intention.
And that attitude is very, very...
And that was also clearly mentioned
to one point, the Great Westerner,
Rakhini Kinshoja, asked you,
"Murope Maasamag?"
"Oh, gracious teacher, we meditate
and practice Dzogchen alone
without the bodhicata.
That is okay."
And then he said,
"No, that is completely wrong."
Then Dzogchen,
that Dzogchen is not really
Dzogchen practicing,
but that is the obstacle
of Dzogchen.
So that means, without the bodhicata,
practicing on Dzogchen
is the obstacle
of Dzogchen.